host-containers: allow mount propagations from privileged containers (#1601)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

Bootstrap containers are very similar to normal host containers; they come with persistent storage and with optional user data.
Unlike normal host containers, bootstrap containers can't be treated as `superpowered` containers.
However, bootstrap containers do have additional permissions that normal host containers do not have.

> Bootstrap containers have access to the underlying root filesystem on `/.bottlerocket/rootfs` as well as to all the devices in the host, and they are setup with the `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` capability.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Bootstrap containers have access to the underlying root filesystem on `/.bottlerocket/rootfs` as well as to all the devices in the host, and they are set up with the `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` capability.
```

Bootstrap containers are very similar to normal host containers; they come with persistent storage and with optional user data.
Unlike normal host containers, bootstrap containers can't be treated as `superpowered` containers.

> However, these containers have access to the underlying root filesystem on `/.bottlerocket/rootfs` as well as to all the devices in the host, and they are setup with the `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, bootstrap containers do have additional permissions that normal host containers do not have.
Bootstrap containers have access to the underlying root filesystem on `/.bottlerocket/rootfs`, access to all the devices in the host, and have the `CAP_SYS_ADMIN` capability.
This allows bootstrap containers to create files, directories, and mounts that are visible to the host.
```

essential = true
```

##### Mount propagations in bootstrap and superpowered containers

> Both bootstrap and superpowered host containers are configured with a bind mount that points to `/mnt` in the host, which itself is a bind mount of `/local/mnt`.

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense for the bind mount to be mounted at `/.bottlerocket/rootfs/mnt` inside the container.  That way all of the host-related configuration conceptually happens inside the same hierarchy.

> This bind mount is setup with shared propagations, so any new mount point created underneath `/mnt` in any bootstrap or superpowered host container will propagate across mount namespaces.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
This bind mount is set up with shared propagations, so any new mount point created underneath `/mnt` in any bootstrap or superpowered host container will propagate across mount namespaces.
```

> You can use this feature to configure ephimeral disks attached to your hosts, that you may want to use on your workloads.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
You can use this feature to configure ephemeral disks attached to your hosts that you may want to use on your workloads.
```

essential = true
```

##### Mount propagations in bootstrap and superpowered containers
Both bootstrap and superpowered host containers are configured with the `/.bottlerocket/rootfs/mnt` bind mount that points to `/mnt` in the host, which itself is a bind mount of `/local/mnt`.
This bind mount is set up with shared propagations, so any new mount point created underneath `/.bottlerocket/rootfs/mnt` in any bootstrap or superpowered host container will propagate across mount namespaces.

> You can use this feature to configure ephemeral disks attached to your hosts, that you may want to use on your workloads.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
You can use this feature to configure ephemeral disks attached to your hosts that you may want to use on your workloads.
```
